hi welcome to another video by airbrush
rest of a brush West calm and
imagination calm home here is 8 by 11
raw canvas backdrop used by
photographers to take pictures against
and here I am standing in front of the
completed painting I start by stretching
the canvas onto the wall and get my
drawing up using references and I'll
start again by putting a lot of white
get heavy with the white because it is
wrong on based reason being I want to
keep it soft because it's gonna be made
to roll up but as you can see here I use
a light grey to kind of mold my
banisters and pillars remember to keep
it light because we want our very soft
and unfocused look it's meant to look at
from a distance and as you can see here
I spray is some color of the color
that'll be in the background onto the
areas of the stone and remember to keep
it all very light and not harsh details
afterwards when I'm done I'll cover mask
off the entire area that I don't want to
get any background overspray on as well
as the moon and I'll start spraying my
nighttime sky home afterwards I'll
drawing by hand painting with about
three different blues the mountains and
the waterfalls and here you can get as
uh as creative as you want to get close
to your reference or make up your own
but on top here now I start adding the
white to make it pop the mountains and
the water and the water takes a lot of
buildup so just keep going over and over
again here I move the canvas up and
continue to paint in between the
banisters again I cut out those areas
and left the mask where I don't want to
get overspray and I move the canvas back
down and do my touch-ups and kind of
finalize as you can see I peeled the
moon off the mass that was on the moon
and now I'm gonna add a little bit of
color to the stone and and the stone
pattern the yellow gives it that moon
light color and but I'm not gonna leave
it like that because I'm gonna put white
back on top of it
to give it that transparent kind of
stone look here we go
as you can starting to see the stone is
starting to come together
and it has a more cranek kind of look or
marble this kind of look again do all
your tweaking and finish this up before
you start peeling off the rest of the
mass here I removed all the masks and
now we have my background and my
banisters and now I'm going to want to
cover that up like again not all of it
but just the area cuz they're gonna lift
it up and work on the floor and here we
got a checkered floor and I'll start by
putting a lot of white down on the white
squares when it dries out mask off the
black squares and blast the black and
when it's all dry I'll pull it down pull
off the rest of my stencils or a mask
and voila and here I put a couple of
palm trees in the background and you
know do any final little touches and
clean up and thanks again for watching
please make sure you check us out at
airbrush rust calm & err imagination
calm
you